Migrating Plumber docs (#4303)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Umbraco-Plumber/Licensing/index.md

---
meta.Title: "Umbraco Plumber Licensing"
meta.Description: "Here you can find information about how to use a license with Umbraco Plumber"
versionFrom: 8.0.0
versionTo: 10.0.0
---

# Licensing

> Umbraco Plumber is a licensed product but doesn't require a purchase to use. New installs are defaulted to a trial license, while the paid license is available for purchase. The trial license introduces some restrictions around advanced features but is otherwise a full-featured workflow platform. The paid license is valid for one top-level domain and all its subdomains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umbraco Plumber is a licensed product but does not require a purchase to use. New installs are defaulted to a trial license, while the paid license is available for purchase. The trial license introduces some restrictions around advanced features but is otherwise a full-featured workflow platform. The paid license is valid for one top-level domain and all its subdomains.
```

To impersonate the full license on a local site:

1. Create an empty text file named `test.lic`.
2. Copy the `test.lic` file  into `/App_plugins/Plumber`.

   ![Lic Placement](images/lic.png)

:::note

> The test license is restricted to naked localhost, local test domains, or domains ending in `.test` or `.local`.

Reviewer 2: This needs updating - 
The test license is restricted to sites running in a development environment, with a debugger attached (ie hitting F5 in Visual Studio, in Debug mode, will enable the test license)
